I hope you guys had a good Memorial Day
weekend to commemorate Memorial Day I
want to give you guys a book
recommendation it's going to be this one
called lone survivor the eyewitness
account of Operation Red Wing in the
lost heroes of SEAL team 10 by marcus
luttrell marcus luttrell was a member of
SEAL team 10 and the only survivor from
the operation has the name lone survivor
this book details his account of the
events that happened during Operation
Red Wing and it is a gripping tale it is
a nonfiction if you're interested at all
in what went down
during this operation go and get this
book and with the recent success of
operation or seal SEAL Team six in the
operation to kill some oven Laden and
Memorial Day weekend being this past
weekend I think it's only fitting to
show you guys this book and what we need
to do to commemorate and give thanks to
the men and women in our service
especially to those that lost their
lives and gave everything they have let
me just read the first paragraph were
you real quickly chapter one to
Afghanistan in a flying warehouse this
was payback time for the World Trade
Center we were coming after the guys who
did it if not the actual guys and their
blood brothers the lunatics who still
wish is dead and might try it again
goodbyes tend to be curt among Navy
SEALs a quick back slap a friendly bear
hug no one uh Turing what we're all
thinking
here we go again guys going to war to
another trouble spot another half-ass
enemy willing to try their luck against
us
they must be out of their minds if
you're looking for a good read looking
to learn about our Navy SEAL Teams check
this book out lone survivor by marcus
luttrell thanks for watching